10 days, 21 restaurants and a good cause: What to know about Binghamton Restaurant Week
Binghamton Restaurant Week begins March 21 and will benefit the United Way of Broome County's Full Plate Project.
Tom Passmore
Binghamton Press & Sun-Bulletin








Since 2010, Binghamton Restaurant Week has raised over $3.5 million, with eatBING partnering with local restaurants to feature various three-course meals at an affordable price.

The 24th annual event will feature lunch and dinner deals at 21 locally-owned restaurants, giving people six more options than the fall 2022 edition.

"Binghamton's restaurants are so important to the local economy," Mayor Jared Kraham said in a news release, "providing employment, attracting visitors from across the region and helping to make our city a great place to live and work."

The spring event runs from Tuesday, March 21, through Thursday, March 30.

Here's a list of the restaurants that are participating in Binghamton Restaurant Week, deals to take advantage of, and details on the charity sponsor for the event.

Who's participating and at what price?
Parlor City Vegan is participating in Binghamton Restaurant Week for the first time.
Here is a list of restaurants participating in Binghamton Restaurant Week and at what price. Beverage tax and gratuity additional.

The full restaurant menus can be found on the eatBING website.

$12 lunch
Craft
Garage
sake-tumi
The Grove
$15 lunch
Alexander's Cafe
Downtown by Beer Tree
Little Venice
Lost Dog Cafe
Parlor City Vegan
The Relief Pitcher
Thai Time
$18 lunch
Cheesesteak Boss
Happy Pappi Arepas
$20 dinner
Cheesesteak Boss
Craft
Garage
Legacy Lounge
The Relief Pitcher
$25 dinner
Burger Monday's
Downtown by Beer Tree
Happy Pappi Arepas
Little Venice
Lost Dog Cafe
Parlor City Vegan
sake-tumi
The Shop
The Grove
Thai Time
$35 dinner
205 Dry
PS Restaurant
Remlik's
River Bistro at DoubleTree by Hilton Binghamton
Social on State
New faces at the event
Parlor City Vegan, the Relief Pitcher, Cheesesteak Boss, Happi Pappi Arepas, Legacy Lounge and River Bistro at DoubleTree by Hilton Binghamton are additions to the spring event.

Happy Pappi Arepas opened in December 2022, and owner Luis Carrillo is happy about participating in Binghamton Restaurant for the first time, and he hopes to make his customers happy with his signature arepas.

"I'm going to try and make it happy for everybody," Carrillo said.

Happy Pappi Arepas Bar and Restaurant at 252 Chenango St. in Binghamton.
Carrillo doesn't remember who approached whom in regard to his participation in restaurant week, but he's happy to be a part of it.

"I'm pretty sure it's going to go really well," Carrillo said. "I'm excited and I'm ready. It will impact the community and the restaurant business in a positive way."

It's his first year participating in the bi-annual event, but Carrillo said he's going to be a staple in restaurant weeks going forward.

Who's the charity sponsor?

This year, 50 cents from all meals purchased will benefit The United Way of Broome County’s Full Plate Project. Of that money, 100% will go toward to restocking pantries in the community.

"The United Way of Broome County’s Full Plate Project is honored to be selected as a charity partner of Binghamton Restaurant Week," said Executive Director Paula Perna in a news release. "With rising food costs and the recent reduction in Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits for New York State residents, this program is crucial, and all dollars raised for the Full Plate Project will go to hunger and food insecurity programs that serve Broome County residents."

Binghamton Restaurant Week has resulted in over $150,000 in donations to charity partners.